hey everyone it's rocky I'm here with my
friends from fav diets calm and today
we're making a holiday classic the
Waldorf salad and I'm actually gonna
make a chicken Waldorf salad because
this is something I plan to have for
dinner tonight so I wanted to add a
little bit more to it but this is a good
one to make for your holiday table for
that big dinner or actually make for a
brunch cuz it really hits all those
notes it hits the sweet the savory it's
crunchy and it's super easy the only
thing we're gonna be using the oven for
is to toast up some walnuts so let's get
started so right now I'm just going to
be prepping my vegetables and my fruit
just have some grapes right here some
red seedless grapes I'm just gonna cut
in half and as I'm going I'm just
tossing them into my salad bowl I'm
chopping up some celery so now I'm just
gonna dice up some apples now that I
have my apple in the bowl I'm gonna go
ahead and squeeze some lemon over it and
it's just going to prevent this prevent
it from browning
I'm also chopping up some dried
cranberries to toss like a salad and I'm
just gonna add a nice sweetness and also
a tangy sourness I have a skillet set it
about medium heat I'm just gonna toss in
some walnuts and get them toasted up
basically when you start smelling them
that's when they're done you want to
keep a close eye on them because you
don't want them to burn all right I'm
gonna see if I can flip them like all
those professional chefs do hope they
hopefully they don't all end up on the
floor all right that was close I'm gonna
give myself a couple of points for that
okay I think that that one take them off
the heat all right here's our toasted
walnuts just gonna give them a rough
chop
I'm not gonna toss them in the salad
right right away cuz I want them to get
soggy but I do it just want to get them
chopped and out of the way all right now
I'm to the dressing right now in that
measuring cup I have some Greek yogurt
and I'm gonna put in some light mix I'm
gonna add some agave nectar
another mix I'm also going to put in a
little bit of cracked black pepper yeah
give this a little mix around give it a
taste
this is good all right let's start
assembling our salad
you
he goes
and I'm gonna put a couple of dollops of
this dressing on and mix this around
well I get all the flavors incorporated
you
this is so good guys it's sweet its
savory its crunchy its tangy I'm so glad
we didn't go overboard on the dressing
because you can definitely taste the
individual ingredients that we have on
here in here perfectly
in the soda
and then look at those collars you got
the red from the grapes the red from the
cranberries green it's perfect it's a
perfect holiday salad so if you if this
is something that's familiar to your
holiday table go ahead and give this
version a try I guarantee your family's
not gonna even notice the difference and
if you haven't tried it go ahead and try
it out your family is going to be
pleasantly surprised so that is
basically it if anybody has any
questions just go ahead and post them
below the nutritional facts the pictures
and the full recipe will be on my blog
spot which I'll post the link to below
until next time enjoy